LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT

OF

PCRP GROUP, LLC

a Texas limited liability company

This Limited Liability Company Agreement of PCRP Group, LLC, is executed
as of March 18, 2026 (the “Effective Date”), by the persons who sign and
are identified as “Members” in this Agreement.

RECITALS

WHEREAS, PCRP Group, LLC, was formed with the Secretary of State of the
State of Texas on March 18, 2026, under File Number 806499674;

WHEREAS, the Members of PCRP Group, LLC, desire to enter into this
Agreement to establish the terms and conditions under which PCRP Group,
LLC, will be governed;

NOW, THEREFORE, for the mutual covenants and obligations as set forth
herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the undersigned Members
agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

1.01 Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms have
the following meanings:

“Agreement” means this Company Agreement, as amended from time to time.

“Bankrupt Member” means any Member (a) that (i) makes an assignment for
the benefit of creditors; (ii) files a voluntary bankruptcy petition;
(iii) becomes the subject of an order for relief or is declared
insolvent in any federal or state bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings;
(iv) files a petition or answer seeking for the Member a reorganization,
arrangement, composition, readjustment, liquidation, dissolution,
termination, or similar relief under any law; (v) files an answer or
other pleading admitting or failing to contest the material allegations
of a petition filed against the Member in a Proceeding of the type
described in subclauses (i) through (iv) of this clause (a); or (vi)
seeks, consents to, or acquiesces in the appointment of a trustee,
receiver, or liquidator of the Member’s or of all or any substantial
part of the Member’s properties; or (b) against which a Proceeding
seeking reorganization, arrangement, composition, readjustment,
liquidation, dissolution, or similar relief under any law has been
commenced and one hundred twenty (120) days have expired without
dismissal thereof or with respect to which, without the Member’s consent
or acquiescence, a trustee, receiver, or liquidator of the Member or of
all or any substantial part of the Member’s properties has been
appointed and ninety (90) days have expired without the appointment’s
having been vacated or stayed, or ninety (90) days have expired after
the date of expiration of a stay, if the appointment has not previously
been vacated.

“Capital Account” means a capital account maintained for a Member as
provided by Treasury Regulation 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv) of the Regulations of
the Internal Revenue Service.

“Capital Contribution” means the amount of money, value of services
(subject to those services being pre-approved by the Members), and the
Net Value of property other than money contributed to the Company by a
Member.

“Capital Commitment” of a Member represents the aggregate amount of
capital that such Member has agreed to contribute to the Company.

“Certificate of Formation” means the initial, amended, and restated
certificate of formation of the Company.

“Company” means PCRP Group, LLC, a Texas limited liability company.

“Former Member” means any person who had executed this Agreement, as of
the date of this Agreement as a Member, or hereafter admitted to the
Company as a Member, as provided in the Agreement, but who is no longer
a Member of the Company; however, this term does not include a person
who ceases to be a Member as a result of bankruptcy, default, or
expulsion.

“Fundamental Business Transaction” includes (a) a merger, (b) an
interest exchange, (c) a conversion, or (d) a sale of all or
substantially all of an entity’s assets (with or without goodwill),
other than in the usual and regular course of the Company’s business.

“General Interest Rate” means a rate per annum equal to the lesser of
(a) the prime rate published in The Wall Street Journal on the day the
rate is determined (or the most recent day on which The Wall Street
Journal was published if the paper is not published on the day the rate
is determined), or (b) the maximum rate permitted by applicable law.

“Internal Revenue Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and any
successor statute, as amended from time to time.

“Member” means any person executing this Agreement as of the date of
this Agreement as a Member or hereafter admitted to the Company as a
Member as provided in this Agreement, but does not include any person
who has ceased to be a Member of the Company.

“Membership Interest” means the interest of a Member in the Company,
including, without limitation, rights to distributions (liquidating or
otherwise), allocations, information, and to consent or approve.

“Net Value” means, in connection with a Capital Contribution of
property, the fair market value of the asset less any indebtedness to
which the asset is subject when contributed.

“Percentage Interest” means the ratio in which the Members shall share
profits and losses, as provided in this Agreement. The sum of the
Members’ Percentage Interests shall be one hundred percent (100%).

“Person” means any business entity, trust, estate, executor,
administrator, or individual.

“Proceeding” means any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit,
or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, arbitrative, or
investigative.

“Super Majority” means one or more Members having among them at least
sixty-six percent (66%) of the Percentage Interests of all Members.

“Transfer” means any sale, transfer, encumbrance, gift, donation,
assignment, pledge, hypothecation, or other form of transfer of a
Membership Interest or any portion of a Membership Interest, whether
voluntary or involuntary, whether attempted or completed, and whether
during the transferor’s lifetime or upon or after the transferor’s
death, including by operation of law, court order, judicial process,
foreclosure, levy, or attachment.

Other terms defined herein have the meaning so given them.

ARTICLE II

ORGANIZATION

2.01 Formation. The Company has been organized as a Texas limited
liability company by filing a Certificate of Formation with the
Secretary of State of Texas on March 18, 2026, under File Number
806499674, which may be amended or restated from time to time.

2.02 Name. The name of the Company is “PCRP Group, LLC” and all Company
business must be conducted in that name or such other names that comply
with applicable law as the Members may select from time to time.

2.03 Registered Office and Registered Agent. The registered office of
the Company shall be located at 6115 Locke Ave, Fort Worth, Texas 76116,
or such other office (which need not be a place of business of the
Company) as the Members may designate from time to time in the manner
provided by law. The registered agent of the Company in the State of
Texas shall be Robert Pike, or such other person or persons as the
Members may designate from time to time in the manner provided by law.

2.04 Principal Office and Other Offices. The principal office of the
Company in the United States shall be at 6115 Locke Ave, Fort Worth,
Texas 76116, or at such other place as the Members may designate from
time to time, which need not be in the State of Texas. The Company may
have such other offices as the Members may designate from time to time.

2.05 Purposes. The purpose for which the Company is organized is for the
transaction of any and all lawful business for which limited liability
companies may be organized under the Texas Business Organizations Code.

2.06 Powers. The Company shall have all powers necessary, suitable, or
convenient for the accomplishment of the purposes of the Company,
including without limitation (a) to make and perform all contracts; (b)
to borrow or lend money and secure payment thereof; (c) to engage in all
activities and transactions; and (d) to have all powers available to a
limited liability company under the laws of any other jurisdiction where
the Company conducts business.

2.07 Foreign Qualification. Prior to the Company’s conducting business
in any jurisdiction other than Texas, the Members shall cause the
Company to comply, to the extent procedures are available and those
matters are reasonably within the control of the Members, with all
requirements necessary to qualify the Company as a foreign limited
liability company in that jurisdiction.

2.08 Term. The Company will commence as provided in the Certificate of
Formation for the Company filed with the Secretary of the State of Texas
and will continue until the Company terminates under the terms of this
Agreement.

2.09 No State-Law Partnership. The Members intend that the Company not
be a partnership, a limited partnership, or a joint venture, and that no
Member be a partner or joint venturer of any other Member, for any
purposes other than federal and state tax purposes, and this Agreement
may not be construed to suggest otherwise.

ARTICLE III

MEMBERSHIP

3.01 Initial Members, Capital Commitments, and Percentage Interests.
Members, their respective addresses, their initial Capital Contributions
to the Company, and their respective Percentage Interest in the Company
are set forth on Exhibit “A”, attached and made part of this Agreement.
Each Member agrees to make the initial contribution set out in Exhibit
“A” upon execution of this Agreement. The Members will not transfer such
interest in contravention of applicable state or federal securities
laws.

3.02 Units and Certificates. The Membership Interest of the Company
shall be divided into one thousand (1,000) Units, each Unit to represent
the proportionate share of capital contributed by the respective Members
as is reflected in Exhibit “A” as amended from time to time. The
Member’s Interest in the Company may be represented by a Certificate of
Membership.

3.03 Additional Members. Additional persons or entities may be admitted
to the Company as Additional Members on such terms and conditions as
shall be determined by unanimous consent of the Members. The terms of
admission must specify the Percentage Interests or number of Units and
the Capital Commitments for any additional members to be admitted to the
Company.

3.04 Member Rights Specified in Agreement. Except as otherwise
specifically provided in this Agreement, no Member shall have the right
(a) to sell, transfer, or assign its interest in the Company; (b) to
require partition of the property of the Company; (c) to compel the sale
of Company assets; or (d) to cause the winding up of the Company.

3.05 Liability to Third Parties. No Member shall be liable for the
debts, obligations, or liabilities of the Company, including under a
judgment, decree, or order of a court, unless such liability arises out
of a personal guarantee entered into by the Members on behalf of the
Company. If determined by the Members, all Members shall be required to
execute such a personal guarantee in equal amounts relative to their
respective Percentage Interests.

ARTICLE IV

CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS

4.01 Initial Contributions. Contemporaneously with or prior to the
execution of this Agreement, each Member shall make the initial Capital
Contribution described for that Member on Exhibit “A.” The initial
Capital Contribution of each Member is zero dollars ($0.00).

4.02 Subsequent Contributions. Subsequent contributions must be in the
amounts and may be in any type of property as agreed on by all of the
Members. No Member is required to make a subsequent Contribution to the
Company in excess of the Total Capital Commitment required to be made by
that Member pursuant to Exhibit “A” without the Member’s prior express
consent.

4.03 Failure to Make Subsequent Contributions. If a Member does not
contribute all of its subsequent Capital Contribution within ten (10)
days of receiving notice of a subsequent Capital Contribution under
Section 4.02 of this Agreement (then a “Non-Contributing Member”), that
Non-Contributing Member’s Percentage Interest shall be subject to a pro
rata dilution. Dilution of the Percentage Interest of a Non-Contributing
Member shall be the sole remedy of the Company or the other Members
against the Non-Contributing Member, and the Non-Contributing Member
shall have no other liability for electing not to contribute.

4.04 Return of Contributions. No Member is entitled to the return of any
part of its Capital Contributions or to be paid interest in respect of
either its Capital Account or its Capital Contributions. An unrepaid
Capital Contribution is not a liability of the Company or of any Member.

4.05 Loans by Members. If the Company does not have sufficient cash to
pay its obligations, any Member that may agree to do so with the consent
of the other Members may advance all or part of the needed funds to or
on behalf of the Company. An advance described in this paragraph
constitutes a loan from the Member to the Company, bears interest at the
General Interest Rate from the date of the advance until the date of
payment, and is not a Capital Contribution.

4.06 Capital Accounts. A Capital Account shall be established and
maintained for each Member. The Capital Account of each Member:

  (a) shall consist of (i) the amount of money contributed by that
  Member to the Company, (ii) the value of the services (subject to
  those services being pre-approved by the Members) contributed by that
  Member to the Company, and (iii) the Net Value of the property
  contributed by that Member to the Company;

  (b) shall be increased by allocations to that Member of Company income
  and gain (or items thereof), including income and gain exempt from tax
  and income and gain described in Treasury Regulation §
  1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(g), but excluding income and gain described in
  Treasury Regulation § 1.704-1(b)(4)(i); and

  (c) shall be decreased by (i) the amount of money distributed to that
  Member by the Company, (ii) the fair market value of property
  distributed to that Member by the Company (net of liabilities secured
  by the distributed property that the Member is considered to assume or
  take subject to under Section 752 of the Internal Revenue Code), (iii)
  allocations to that Member of expenditures of the Company described in
  Section 705(a)(2)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code, and (iv)
  allocations of Company loss and deduction (or items thereof),
  including loss and deduction described in Treasury Regulation §
  1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(g), but excluding items described in clause (c)(iii)
  above and loss or deduction described in Treasury Regulation §
  1.704-1(b)(4)(i) or § 1.704-1(b)(4)(iii).

The Capital Account of each Member also shall be maintained and adjusted
as permitted by the provisions of Treasury Regulation §
1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(f) and as required by the other provisions of Treasury
Regulation § 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv) and 1.704-1(b)(4), including adjustments
to reflect the allocations to the Members of depreciation, depletion,
amortization, and gain or loss as computed for tax purposes, as required
by Treasury Regulation § 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(g). A Member that has more
than one Membership Interest shall have a single Capital Account that
reflects all its Membership Interests, regardless of the class of
Membership Interests owned by that Member and regardless of the time or
manner in which those Membership Interests were acquired. On the
transfer of all or part of a Membership Interest, the Capital Account of
the transferor that is attributable to the transferred Membership
Interest or part thereof shall carry over to the transferee Member in
accordance with the provisions of Treasury Regulation §
1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(l).

ARTICLE V

ALLOCATIONS AND DISTRIBUTIONS

5.01 Allocation of Net Income, Net Loss, or Capital Gains. Except as may
be expressly provided otherwise in this Article and subject to the
provisions of Section 704(c) of the Internal Revenue Code, the net
income, net loss, or capital gains of the Company for each fiscal year
of the Company is allocated to the Members, pro rata in accordance with
their Percentage Interest.

5.02 Distributions of Available Cash. The Members may, in their sole
discretion, from time to time determine that Available Cash of the
Company shall be distributed to the Members. Any such distributions
shall be made to the Members pro rata in accordance with their
Percentage Interest. The Members shall determine the amount and timing
of any such distributions, taking into account the Company’s need for
reasonable working capital reserves, anticipated capital expenditures,
debt service obligations, and such other factors as the Members may deem
relevant.

5.03 Tax Distributions. Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Agreement, the Company shall, to the extent of Available Cash,
distribute to each Member, no later than fifteen (15) days prior to each
estimated tax payment date and the due date for filing the Member’s
annual income tax return (including extensions), an amount equal to such
Member’s allocable share of the Company’s net taxable income for the
applicable period multiplied by the highest combined marginal federal
and state income tax rate applicable to individuals residing in the
State of Texas. Tax distributions shall be treated as advances against
the distributions otherwise to be made to such Member pursuant to
Section 5.02.

5.04 Limitations on Distributions. No distribution shall be made if,
after giving effect to the distribution, the Company would not be able
to pay its debts as they become due in the usual course of business or
the Company’s total assets would be less than the sum of its total
liabilities.

ARTICLE VI

MANAGEMENT

6.01 Management by Members. The Company shall be member-managed. The
Members shall have the sole and exclusive control of the management,
business, and affairs of the Company. All decisions and actions for the
Company not otherwise provided for in this Agreement shall be made by
the unanimous consent of the Members, including, without limitation, the
following:

  (a) entering into, making, and performing contracts, agreements, and
  other undertakings binding the Company that may be necessary,
  appropriate, or advisable in furtherance of the purposes of the
  Company and making all decisions and waivers thereunder, including a
  Fundamental Business Transaction;

  (b) opening and maintaining bank and investment accounts and
  arrangements, drawing checks and other orders for the payment of
  money, and designating individuals with authority to sign or give
  instructions with respect to those accounts and arrangements;

  (c) maintaining the assets of the Company in good order;

  (d) to the extent that funds of the Company are available therefor,
  paying debts and obligations of the Company;

  (e) acquiring, utilizing for Company purposes, and disposing of any
  asset of the Company;

  (f) selecting, removing, and changing the authority and responsibility
  of lawyers, accountants, and other advisers and consultants;

  (g) obtaining insurance for the Company;

  (h) determining distributions of Company cash and other property as
  provided in Section 5.02 of this Agreement;

  (i) incurring indebtedness on behalf of the Company;

  (j) pledging, hypothecating, or otherwise collateralizing the assets
  or Membership Interests of the Company;

  (k) issuing or selling new equity interests in the Company;

  (l) amending the entity’s governing documents (e.g., Certificate of
  Formation, Company Agreement);

  (m) approving the annual plan and budget;

  (n) approving or removing an officer of the Company; and

  (o) approving any expenditure or series of related expenditures in
  excess of ten thousand dollars ($10,000.00) outside the ordinary
  course of the Company’s business.

6.02 Officers. The Members may, from time to time, designate one or more
persons to be officers of the Company. Any officers so designated shall
have such authority and perform such duties as the Members may, from
time to time, delegate to them. The Members may assign titles to
particular officers. Unless the Members decide otherwise, if the title
is one commonly used for officers of a business corporation, the
assignment of such title shall constitute the delegation to such officer
of the authority and duties that are normally associated with that
office. Any delegation pursuant to this Section may be revoked at any
time by the Members.

6.03 Compensation. For their services in the management of the Company
and its operations, the Members may receive such compensation, if any,
as may be designated from time to time by the unanimous consent of the
Members.

6.04 Reimbursement. The Members are not required to advance any funds to
pay costs and expenses of the Company. However, in the event a Member
advances such funds, the Member shall be entitled to be reimbursed for
out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in the course of their service
hereunder, including the portion of their overhead reasonably allocable
to Company activities.

6.05 Deadlock. In the event the Members are unable to agree on a
material matter requiring the consent of the Members and the deadlock
has continued for a period of thirty (30) days after written notice from
either Member to the other Member identifying the matter in dispute (a
“Deadlock”), either Member may invoke the buy-sell procedures set forth
in Section 10.07 of this Agreement.

6.06 Action Without Meeting. Any action permitted or required by
applicable law, the Certificate of Formation, or this Agreement to be
taken at a meeting of the Members may be taken without a meeting if a
consent in writing, setting forth the action to be taken, is signed by
all the Members.

ARTICLE VII

INDEMNIFICATION

7.01 Right to Indemnification. Subject to the limitations and conditions
as provided in this Article, each person or entity who was or is made a
party or is threatened to be made a party to or is involved in any
Proceeding, or any appeal in such a Proceeding, or any inquiry or
investigation that could lead to such a Proceeding, by reason of the
fact that he or she, or a person of whom he or she is the legal
representative, is or was a Member of the Company or while a Member of
the Company is or was serving at the request of the Company as a
director, officer, partner, venturer, proprietor, trustee, employee,
agent, or similar functionary of another foreign or domestic limited
liability company, corporation, partnership, joint venture, sole
proprietorship, trust, employee benefit plan, or other enterprise shall
be indemnified by the Company to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, as the same exist or may hereafter be amended (but, in
the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment
permits the Company to provide broader indemnification rights than said
law permitted the Company to provide prior to such amendment), against
judgments, penalties (including excise and similar taxes and punitive
damages), fines, settlements, and reasonable expenses (including,
without limitation, attorney’s fees) actually incurred by such person in
connection with such Proceeding, and indemnification under this Article
shall continue as to a person who has ceased to serve in the capacity
which initially entitled such person to indemnity hereunder. The rights
granted pursuant to this Article shall be deemed contract rights, and no
amendment, modification, or repeal of this Article shall have the effect
of limiting or denying any such rights with respect to actions taken or
Proceedings arising prior to any such amendment, modification, or
repeal. It is expressly acknowledged that the indemnification provided
in this Article could involve indemnification for negligence or under
theories of strict liability.

7.02 Limitation of Liability. No Member shall be liable to the Company
or to any other Member for any loss, damage, or claim incurred by reason
of any act or omission performed or omitted by such Member in good faith
on behalf of the Company and in a manner reasonably believed to be
within the scope of the authority conferred on such Member by this
Agreement, except that a Member shall be liable for any such loss,
damage, or claim incurred by reason of such Member’s willful misconduct,
gross negligence, or breach of this Agreement.

7.03 Advancement of Expenses. The Company shall pay the expenses
(including attorney’s fees) incurred by a Member in defending any
Proceeding in advance of its final disposition; provided, however, that
the payment of expenses incurred by a Member in advance of the final
disposition of the Proceeding shall be made only upon receipt of an
undertaking by the Member to repay all amounts advanced if it should be
ultimately determined that the Member is not entitled to be indemnified
under this Article or otherwise.

ARTICLE VIII

TAXES

8.01 Tax Classification. The Members intend that the Company shall be
classified as a partnership for federal and state income tax purposes.
Neither the Company nor any Member shall take any action inconsistent
with such classification, and each Member shall file all tax returns
consistent with such classification, unless the Members unanimously
agree otherwise.

8.02 Tax Matters Partner. Philip C Chapman is hereby designated as the
“Partnership Representative” (as defined in Section 6223 of the Internal
Revenue Code, as amended by the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015) for the
Company. The Partnership Representative shall have the authority to take
any actions required or permitted to be taken by the Partnership
Representative under the Internal Revenue Code and shall keep the other
Member reasonably informed of all significant tax matters affecting the
Company. The Partnership Representative may be changed by unanimous
consent of the Members.

8.03 BBA Partnership Audit Rules. The Company shall be subject to the
partnership audit rules enacted under the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015,
as codified in Sections 6221 through 6241 of the Internal Revenue Code
(the “BBA Rules”). If the Company receives a notice of final partnership
adjustment (or analogous notice) under the BBA Rules, the Partnership
Representative shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, elect the
alternative procedure under Section 6226 of the Internal Revenue Code
(the “push-out election”) so that any tax liability resulting from an
adjustment is borne by the Members (or former Members) to whom the
adjustment relates for the applicable reviewed year, rather than by the
Company. Each Member (and each Former Member, to the extent applicable)
agrees to cooperate fully with the Partnership Representative in
connection with any partnership-level audit or proceeding and agrees to
bear its allocable share of any resulting tax liability, interest, and
penalties.

8.04 Records and Accounting. The books and records of the Company must
be kept, and the financial position and the results of its operations
recorded, in accordance with the generally accepted accounting practices
elected to be followed by the Company for federal and state tax
purposes. The books and records of the Company must reflect all Company
transactions and must be appropriate and adequate for the Company’s
business. The fiscal year of the Company for financial reporting and for
federal income tax purposes is the calendar year.

8.05 Access to Accounting Records. All books and records of the Company
must be maintained at any office of the Company or at the Company’s
principal place of business, and each Member, and his or her duly
authorized representative, must have access to them at the office of the
Company and the right to inspect and copy them at reasonable times.

8.06 Annual and Tax Information. The Members must use their best efforts
to cause the Company to deliver to each Member, within a reasonable time
after the end of each fiscal year (and in any event prior to March 15 of
the following year), all information necessary for the preparation of
the Member’s federal income tax return, including Schedule K-1 (Form
1065). The Members must also use their best efforts to cause the Company
to prepare, within a reasonable time after the end of each fiscal year,
a financial report of the Company for the fiscal year, which contains a
balance sheet as of the last day of the year then ended, an income
statement for the year then ended, a statement of sources and
applications of funds, and a statement of reconciliation of the Capital
Accounts of the Members.

8.07 Accounting Decisions. All decisions regarding accounting matters,
except as otherwise specifically set forth in this Agreement, must be
made by the Members. The Members may rely on the advice of their
accountants as to whether the decisions are in accordance with
accounting methods followed for federal and state tax purposes.

8.08 Income Tax Elections. The Company may make all elections for
federal income tax purposes, including, but not limited to, the
following:

  (a) To the extent permitted by applicable law and regulations, elect
  to use an accelerated depreciation method on any depreciable unit of
  the assets of the Company; and

  (b) In case of a transfer of all or part of the Company Interest of
  any Member, the Company may elect, pursuant to Sections 734, 743, and
  754 of the Internal Revenue Code, as amended (or corresponding
  provisions of future law), to adjust the basis of the assets of the
  Company.

ARTICLE IX

TRANSFERS OF MEMBERSHIP INTEREST

9.01 Transfer and Assignment of Member’s Interest. No Member may assign,
convey, sell, encumber, or in any way alienate all or any part of its
Membership Interest in the Company without the prior written unanimous
consent of all the other Members, which consent may be given or
withheld, conditioned or delayed (as allowed by this Agreement or the
Code), as the remaining Members may determine in their sole discretion.

9.02 Further Restrictions on Transfer. No Member may assign, convey,
sell, encumber, or in any way alienate all or any part of its Membership
Interest in the Company (i) without registration under applicable
securities laws, or unless he or she delivers an opinion of counsel
satisfactory to the Company that registration is not required; or (ii)
if the Interest to be sold or exchanged, when added to the total of all
other interests sold or exchanged in the preceding twelve (12)
consecutive months prior thereto, would result in the termination of the
Company under Section 708 of the Internal Revenue Code (to the extent
applicable).

9.03 Permitted Transfers. Notwithstanding Sections 9.01 and 9.02, a
Member may Transfer all or any portion of such Member’s Membership
Interest to (a) a revocable trust established by such Member for estate
planning purposes of which such Member is the trustee, (b) any entity
wholly owned by such Member, or (c) a member of such Member’s immediate
family (spouse, children, or grandchildren), provided that (i) the
transferee executes an instrument satisfactory to the non-transferring
Member accepting and adopting the terms and provisions of this
Agreement, and (ii) the transferor Member notifies the non-transferring
Member in writing at least ten (10) days prior to the proposed Transfer.

9.04 Substitute Members. A transferee may become a substitute Member if
(i) the requirements of Sections 9.01, 9.02, and 9.03 of this Agreement
are met, (ii) the substituted Member executes an instrument satisfactory
to the remaining Members accepting and adopting the terms and provisions
of this Agreement, and (iii) the person pays all reasonable expenses in
connection with the admission as a remaining Member.

9.05 Effect of Transfer. Any permitted transfer of all or any portion of
a Member’s Interest in the Company takes effect on the first day of the
month following receipt by the Members of written notice of transfer.
Any transferee of an Interest in the Company takes subject to the
restrictions on transfer imposed by this Agreement and the Code.

ARTICLE X

BUYOUT OF MEMBERSHIP INTEREST

10.01 Death or Disability of a Member. Upon the death or permanent
disability (as determined by a licensed physician) of a Member, the
surviving or non-disabled Member shall for a period of sixty (60) days
have the option to purchase all or any portion of the deceased or
disabled Member’s Membership Interest at Fair Value (determined as of
the date of the death or disability, as applicable, of the Member). Upon
the expiration of sixty (60) days, the Company shall be obligated to
purchase all, and not less than all, of the deceased or disabled
Member’s Membership Interest at Fair Value which the surviving or
non-disabled Member does not elect to purchase pursuant to the option
granted in the preceding sentence.

10.02 Bankruptcy of Member. If any Member becomes a Bankrupt Member, the
Company shall have the option, exercisable by notice from the
non-bankrupt Member to the Bankrupt Member (or its representative) at
any time prior to the sixtieth (60th) day after receipt of notice of the
occurrence of the event causing it to become a Bankrupt Member, to
purchase all or any portion of the Bankrupt Member’s Membership Interest
at Fair Value (determined as of the date that notice of the exercise of
such option is given). In the event that such notice is given, the
Bankrupt Member shall sell its interest to the Company as provided by
this Article.

10.03 Option by Other Members. If the Company fails or declines to
exercise an option to purchase a Membership Interest of a Member as
provided by this Agreement within the period of time specified for such
option, then the other Members shall have the option for a period of
ninety (90) days thereafter to purchase such Membership Interest in such
proportions as they mutually agree or in proportion to their respective
Percentage Interests for the same price and upon the same terms
available to the Company.

10.04 Exercise of Option. Any option to purchase a Membership Interest
as provided by this Agreement shall be deemed exercised at the time the
purchasing party delivers to the selling party written notice of intent
to exercise such option along with an initial payment in the form of a
certified or cashier’s check in the amount of ten percent (10%) of the
estimated purchase price anticipated by the purchaser, in person or by
United States registered mail, properly stamped and addressed to the
last known address of the selling party.

10.05 Determination of Fair Value. The “Fair Value” of a Membership
Interest shall be the amount that would be distributable to the Member
holding such interest in the event that the assets of the Company were
sold for cash and the proceeds, net of liabilities, were distributed to
the holders of all Membership Interests pursuant to this Agreement. If
the Members (or the Member and the estate, representative, or successor
of the departing Member) cannot agree on Fair Value within thirty (30)
days, then Fair Value shall be determined by an independent appraiser
mutually agreed upon by the parties, whose determination shall be final
and binding. If the parties cannot agree on an appraiser within fifteen
(15) days, each party shall select one appraiser, and the two appraisers
so selected shall select a third appraiser, whose determination shall be
final and binding. The cost of any appraisal shall be borne equally by
the parties.

10.06 Payment Terms. Unless otherwise agreed by the parties, the
purchase price for any Membership Interest acquired under this Article X
shall be paid as follows: (a) ten percent (10%) of the purchase price
shall be paid at closing in cash or certified funds; and (b) the
remaining ninety percent (90%) shall be paid pursuant to a promissory
note bearing interest at the General Interest Rate, payable in
thirty-six (36) equal monthly installments of principal and interest,
commencing thirty (30) days after closing, secured by a pledge of the
Membership Interest acquired.

10.07 Right to Withdraw Option. In the event that a Member has exercised
an election to purchase a Membership Interest under this Agreement, such
Member may elect to terminate its right to purchase within fifteen (15)
days following its exercise of any such purchase option.

10.08 Forced Buy-Sell Provision.

  (a) At any time after the Effective Date of this Agreement, either
  Member (the “Initiating Member”) may by delivery of a written notice
  (the “Buy-Sell Notice”) to the other Member (the “Responding Member”)
  initiate the buy-sell procedures set forth in this Section 10.08.

  (b) The Buy-Sell Notice shall contain the following terms: (i) a
  statement that the notice is the Buy-Sell Notice referred to in this
  Section 10.08, (ii) the price per Unit (the “Unit Price”) at which the
  Initiating Member is willing to purchase all, but not less than all,
  of the Units owned by the Responding Member, (iii) an irrevocable
  offer of the Initiating Member to the Responding Member to, at the
  sole election of the Responding Member exercised pursuant to Section
  10.08(c), either (1) purchase from the Responding Member all of the
  Units owned by the Responding Member for a purchase price per Unit
  equal to the Unit Price, or (2) sell to the Responding Member all, but
  not less than all, of the Units owned by the Initiating Member for a
  purchase price per Unit equal to the Unit Price.

  (c) Within thirty (30) days after its receipt of the Buy-Sell Notice
  (the “Response Period”), the Responding Member shall by delivery of a
  written notice to the Initiating Member (the “Response Notice”) elect
  to either (1) sell to the Initiating Member all, but not less than
  all, of the Units owned by the Responding Member for a purchase price
  per Unit equal to the Unit Price, or (2) purchase from the Initiating
  Member all, but not less than all, of the Units owned by the
  Initiating Member for a purchase price per Unit equal to the Unit
  Price.

  (d) If the Responding Member does not deliver to the Initiating Member
  the required Response Notice during the Response Period, then,
  effective as of the first day following expiration of the Response
  Period, such failure shall be deemed to be an irrevocable acceptance
  and agreement of the Responding Member to sell to the Initiating
  Member all of the Units owned by the Responding Member for a purchase
  price per Unit equal to the Unit Price. Any election or deemed
  election of the Responding Member with respect to the Buy-Sell Notice
  shall be irrevocable and shall be binding on both the Responding
  Member and the Initiating Member.

  (e) The closing of any purchase and sale under this Section 10.08
  shall occur within sixty (60) days following the election or deemed
  election by the Responding Member. At the closing, the purchasing
  party shall pay the full purchase price in cash or certified funds.

ARTICLE XI

EXPULSION OF A MEMBER

11.01 Expulsion. A Member may be expelled from the Company by unanimous
vote of all other Members (not including the Member to be expelled) if
it is reasonably determined that such Member (a) has willfully violated
any provision of this Agreement; (b) committed fraud, theft, or gross
negligence against the Company or one or more Members of the Company; or
(c) engaged in wrongful conduct that adversely and materially affects
the business or operation of the Company. The Company may offset any
damages to the Company or its Members occasioned by the misconduct of
the expelled Member against any amounts distributable or otherwise
payable by the Company to the expelled Member. An expelled Member shall
be entitled to receive the Fair Value of such Member’s Membership
Interest as determined under Section 10.05, less any offset for damages,
paid in accordance with the terms set forth in Section 10.06.

ARTICLE XII

WINDING UP AND TERMINATION

12.01 Winding Up and Termination of the Company.

  (a) The Company is terminated, its assets are disposed of, and its
  affairs wound up on the first of the following to occur:

  (i) A determination by Members owning more than fifty percent (50%) of
  the interests in the Company that the Company should be wound up and
  terminated;

  (ii) A Termination Event, and the Company’s or remaining Members’
  failure to purchase the Interest of the Former Member as provided in
  this Agreement;

  (iii) The expiration of the Company term as stated in its Certificate
  of Formation; or

  (iv) At any earlier time as provided by applicable law.

  (b) In settling accounts of the Company after winding up and
  termination, the liabilities of the Company must be paid in the
  following order:

  (i) Liabilities to creditors, in the order of priority as provided by
  law, except those to Members of the Company on account of their
  contributions;

  (ii) Liabilities to Members of the Company in respect of their share
  of the profits and other compensation by way of income on their
  contributions; and

  (iii) Liabilities to Members of the Company in respect of their
  contribution to capital.

  (c) Upon the completion of the winding up and the distribution of all
  Company assets, the Company shall be terminated and the Members shall
  cause the cancellation of the Certificate of Formation and any other
  filings as may be required by applicable law.

ARTICLE XIII

GENERAL PROVISIONS

13.01 Construction. Whenever the context requires, the gender of all
words used in this Agreement includes the masculine, feminine, and
neuter. In the event there is only one Member, then references to
Members in the plural should be construed as singular.

13.02 Offset. Whenever the Company is to pay any sum to any Member, any
amounts that Member owes the Company may be deducted from that sum
before payment.

13.03 Notices. Except as expressly set forth to the contrary in this
Agreement, all notices, requests, or consents provided for or permitted
to be given under this Agreement must be in writing and must be given
either by depositing that writing in the United States mail, addressed
to the recipient, postage paid, and registered or certified with return
receipt requested, or by delivering that writing to the recipient in
person, by courier, by facsimile transmission, or by electronic mail;
and a notice, request, or consent given under this Agreement is
effective on receipt by the person. All notices, requests, and consents
to be sent to a Member must be sent to or made at the addresses given
for that Member on Exhibit A or such other address as that Member may
specify by notice to the other Members.

13.04 Entire Agreement; Supersedes Other Agreements. This Agreement
includes the entire agreement of the Members relating to the Company and
supersedes all prior contracts or agreements with respect to the
Company, whether oral or written.

13.05 Effect of Waiver or Consent. A waiver or consent, express or
implied, to or of any breach or default by any person in the performance
by that person of its obligations with respect to the Company is not a
consent or waiver to or of any other breach or default in the
performance by that person of the same or any other obligations of that
person with respect to the Company. Failure on the part of a person to
complain of any act of any person or to declare any person in default
with respect to the Company, irrespective of how long that failure
continues, does not constitute a waiver by that person of its rights
with respect to that default until the applicable statute-of-limitations
period has run.

13.06 Binding Effect. Subject to the restrictions on Transfers set forth
in this Agreement, this Agreement is binding on and inures to the
benefit of the Members and their respective heirs, legal
representatives, successors, and assigns. However, unless and until
properly admitted as a Member, no Assignee will have any rights of a
Member beyond those expressly set forth in this Agreement or granted by
the Texas Business Organizations Code to assignees.

13.07 Governing Law. THIS AGREEMENT IS GOVERNED BY AND SHALL BE
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAW OF THE STATE OF TEXAS, EXCLUDING
ANY CONFLICT-OF-LAWS RULE OR PRINCIPLE THAT MIGHT REFER THE GOVERNANCE
OR THE CONSTRUCTION OF THIS AGREEMENT TO THE LAW OF ANOTHER
JURISDICTION.

13.08 Dispute Resolution. Any dispute, controversy, or claim arising out
of or relating to this Agreement, or the breach, termination, or
invalidity thereof, shall first be submitted to non-binding mediation.
If mediation does not resolve the dispute within thirty (30) days after
the mediator is selected, then the dispute shall be resolved by binding
arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association in
accordance with its Commercial Arbitration Rules, and judgment on the
award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court having
jurisdiction thereof. The arbitration shall take place in Tarrant
County, Texas. The prevailing party in any arbitration or litigation
shall be entitled to recover its reasonable attorney’s fees and costs
from the non-prevailing party.

13.09 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or the
application thereof to any person or circumstance is held invalid or
unenforceable to any extent, the remainder of this Agreement and the
application of that provision to other persons or circumstances is not
affected thereby and that provision shall be enforced to the greatest
extent permitted by law.

13.10 Amendment or Modification. Neither this Agreement nor the
Certificate of Formation of the Company may be amended or modified
without a written instrument executed by all of the Members.

13.11 Further Assurances. In connection with this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby, each Member shall execute and deliver
any additional documents and instruments and perform any additional acts
that may be necessary or appropriate to effectuate and perform the
provisions of this Agreement and those transactions.

13.12 Waiver of Certain Rights. Each Member irrevocably waives any right
it may have to maintain any action for dissolution of the Company or for
partition of the property of the Company.

13.13 Confidentiality. Each Member acknowledges that during the course
of the Company’s business, each Member may receive or have access to
confidential or proprietary information of the Company. Each Member
agrees not to disclose any such information to any third party (other
than such Member’s legal, tax, or financial advisors who are bound by
confidentiality obligations) without the prior written consent of the
other Members, except as required by applicable law or regulation.

13.14 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts with the same effect as if all signing parties had signed
the same instrument. Electronic signatures shall have the same force and
effect as original signatures.

[SIGNATURES APPEAR ON FOLLOWING PAGE]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Members have executed this Limited Liability
Company Agreement, as of the Effective Date.

MEMBERS:

By: _________________________________

  Philip C Chapman

By: _________________________________

  Robert Pike

EXHIBIT “A”

MEMBERS OF PCRP GROUP, LLC

+-----------------+-------------+-------------+----------+------------+
| INITIAL MEMBERS | INITIAL     | CURRENT     | MEMBER   | C          |
|                 | CAPITAL     | CAPITAL     | INTEREST | ERTIFICATE |
|                 | C           | COMMITMENT  | / # OF   | NO.        |
|                 | ONTRIBUTION |             | UNITS    |            |
+=================+=============+=============+==========+============+
| Philip C        | $0.00       | $0.00       | 50.00%   | #1         |
| Chapman         |             |             |          |            |
|                 |             |             | 500 /    |            |
|                 |             |             | 1,000    |            |
|                 |             |             | Units    |            |
+-----------------+-------------+-------------+----------+------------+
| Robert Pike     | $0.00       | $0.00       | 50.00%   | #2         |
|                 |             |             |          |            |
|                 |             |             | 500 /    |            |
|                 |             |             | 1,000    |            |
|                 |             |             | Units    |            |
+-----------------+-------------+-------------+----------+------------+
